The unreliable butler admitted the theft could have been prevented if he was not sleeping.
The ticket agent admitted the mistake might be hard to correct.
The dedicated soldier admitted the defeat might not have been completely inevitable.
The new receptionist admitted her error should have been corrected sooner.
The defensive journalist argued the view could have confused readers who were not experts.
The district attorney argued the point would make a difference to everyone.
The divorce lawyer argued the issue should be attended to very carefully.
The art professor argued the interpretation might have been too controversial.
The captivated audience believed the magician should be willing to explain his tricks.
The naive girl believed the urban myth might not be a myth after all.
The shrewd officer believed the criminal might have a concealed weapon on him.
The magazine editor believed the article might be the best article he had ever written.
The murder suspect confessed the crimes had gotten much worse over time.
The ashamed boy confessed the lie might have deceived his whole family.
The government official confessed the conspiracy could have damaged international relationships.
The fanatical terrorist confessed the plot could be uncovered by the authorities.
The certified accountant figured the budget should adjust to meet the increase in costs.
The insurance agent figured the deductible should have decreased for the safe driver.
The delivery manager figured the weight needed to decrease by several pounds.
The overwhelmed parents figured the tuition might cost more than they could afford.
The gardener's assistant indicated the temperature would be good for the flowers.
The office manager indicated the problem could be worst for the new secretaries.
The roof inspector indicated the leak would be expensive to fix.
The traffic officer indicated the direction might be congested with many cars.
The sensitive boy inferred the insult had been directed at him personally.
The church congregation inferred the meaning was badly explained by the minister.
The rejected bachelor inferred the reason could be his reluctance to make a commitment.
The hired investigator inferred the evidence meant the suspect was not guilty.
The careful scientist proved the theory might be difficult to explain.
The successful tests proved the hypothesis could reveal the underlying mechanism.
The local detectives proved the conspiracy had caused the government to crack down.
The birth certificate proved the birthplace was not where we thought.
The plastic surgeon suggested the operation would be too costly for the patient.
The swimming instructor suggested the technique might be too difficult for the frightened novice.
The guidance counselor suggested the job would help the student learn to be more responsible.
The writing instructor suggested the book would need to be revised.
The ship's captain suspected the mutiny would be damaging to his career.
The boxing referee suspected the outcome had been staged right from the start.
The irate student suspected the roommate stole the money while he was in class.
The wary teacher suspected the cheating could cause bad feelings among the students.
The unreliable butler admitted that the theft could have been prevented if he was not sleeping.
The ticket agent admitted that the mistake might be hard to correct.
The dedicated soldier admitted that the defeat might not have been completely inevitable.
The new receptionist admitted that her error should have been corrected sooner.
The defensive journalist argued that the view could have confused readers who were not experts.
The district attorney argued that the point would make a difference to everyone.
The divorce lawyer argued that the issue should be attended to very carefully.
The art professor argued that the interpretation might have been too controversial.
The captivated audience believed that the magician should be willing to explain his tricks.
The naive girl believed that the urban myth might not be a myth after all.
The shrewd officer believed that the criminal might have a concealed weapon on him.
The magazine editor believed that the article might be the best article he had ever written.
The murder suspect confessed that the crimes had gotten much worse over time.
The ashamed boy confessed that the lie might have deceived his whole family.
The government official confessed that the conspiracy could have damaged international relationships.
The fanatical terrorist confessed that the plot could be uncovered by the authorities.
The certified accountant figured that the budget should adjust to meet the increase in costs.
The insurance agent figured that the deductible should have decreased for the safe driver.
The delivery manager figured that the weight needed to decrease by several pounds.
The overwhelmed parents figured that the tuition might cost more than they could afford.
The gardener's assistant indicated that the temperature would be good for the flowers.
The office manager indicated that the problem could be worst for the new secretaries.
The roof inspector indicated that the leak would be expensive to fix.
The traffic officer indicated that the direction might be congested with many cars.
The sensitive boy inferred that the insult had been directed at him personally.
The church congregation inferred that the meaning was badly explained by the minister.
The rejected bachelor inferred that the reason could be his reluctance to make a commitment.
The hired investigator inferred that the evidence meant the suspect was not guilty.
The careful scientist proved that the theory might be difficult to explain.
The successful tests proved that the hypothesis could reveal the underlying mechanism.
The local detectives proved that the conspiracy had caused the government to crack down.
The birth certificate proved that the birthplace was not where we thought.
The plastic surgeon suggested that the operation would be too costly for the patient.
The swimming instructor suggested that the technique might be too difficult for the frightened novice.
The guidance counselor suggested that the job would help the student learn to be more responsible.
The writing instructor suggested that the book would need to be revised.
The ship's captain suspected that the mutiny would be damaging to his career.
The boxing referee suspected that the outcome had been staged right from the start.
The irate student suspected that the roommate stole the money while he was in class.
The wary teacher suspected that the cheating could cause bad feelings among the students.
The unreliable butler admitted the meal could have been cold by the time of serving.
The ticket agent admitted the kiosk might be difficult to find.
The dedicated soldier admitted the trench might not have been very sturdy.
The new receptionist admitted the phone should have been disconnected earlier.
The defensive journalist argued the watch could have some scratches after she dropped it.
The district attorney argued the haircut would make him look more professional.
The divorce lawyer argued the potato should be peeled with precision and care.
The art professor argued the artist might have used new techniques.
The captivated audience believed the tickets should be sold at a cheaper price.
The naive girl believed the bus might not stop at all the stops.
The shrewd officer believed the coat might have some evidence in the pockets.
The magazine editor believed the fridge might be broken because his soda was quite warm.
The murder suspect confessed the clothes had gotten smaller in the dryer.
The ashamed boy confessed the car might have more damage than expected.
The government official confessed the child could have been protected better.
The fanatical terrorist confessed the gun could be hidden in the basement.
The certified accountant figured the customer should adjust his expectations about the total cost.
The insurance agent figured the art should have been protected much more carefully.
The delivery manager figured the envelope needed to be sealed with tape.
The overwhelmed parents figured the holidays might cost them a lot of money.
The gardener's assistant indicated the light would be insufficient for the plants.
The office manager indicated the party could be too much of a distraction.
The roof inspector indicated the machine would be fixed tomorrow evening.
The traffic officer indicated the squirrel might be responsible for the accident.
The sensitive boy inferred the milk had been left out too long.
The church congregation inferred the carpet was badly stained with grape juice.
The rejected bachelor inferred the computer could be helpful in finding him a date.
The hired investigator inferred the officer meant the victim was still alive.
The careful scientist proved the researchers might be falsifying the data.
The successful tests proved the scientist could reveal his surprising results.
The local detectives proved the pothole had caused the massive car crash yesterday.
The birth certificate proved the boy was not an American citizen.
The plastic surgeon suggested the girl would be completely satisfied with the results.
The swimming instructor suggested the weather might be too rough to have the competition.
The guidance counselor suggested the grades would help the student get into a top college.
The writing instructor suggested the storm would need a full description.
The ship's captain suspected the moon would be covered by thick clouds.
The boxing referee suspected the match had been thrown by the expected champion.
The irate student suspected the lecture stole the content from a different physics class.
The wary teacher suspected the lesson could cause her students to fall asleep.
The unreliable butler admitted that the meal could have been cold by the time of serving.
The ticket agent admitted that the kiosk might be difficult to find.
The dedicated soldier admitted that the trench might not have been very sturdy.
The new receptionist admitted that the phone should have been disconnected earlier.
The defensive journalist argued that the watch could have some scratches after she dropped it.
The district attorney argued that the haircut would make him look more professional.
The divorce lawyer argued that the potato should be peeled with precision and care.
The art professor argued that the artist might have used new techniques.
The captivated audience believed that the tickets should be sold at a cheaper price.
The naive girl believed that the bus might not stop at all the stops.
The shrewd officer believed that the coat might have some evidence in the pockets.
The magazine editor believed that the fridge might be broken because his soda was quite warm.
The murder suspect confessed that the clothes had gotten smaller in the dryer.
The ashamed boy confessed that the car might have more damage than expected.
The government official confessed that the child could have been protected better.
The fanatical terrorist confessed that the gun could be hidden in the basement.
The certified accountant figured that the customer should adjust his expectations about the total cost.
The insurance agent figured that the art should have been protected much more carefully.
The delivery manager figured that the envelope needed to be sealed with tape.
The overwhelmed parents figured that the holidays might cost them a lot of money.
The gardener's assistant indicated that the light would be insufficient for the plants.
The office manager indicated that the party could be too much of a distraction.
The roof inspector indicated that the machine would be fixed tomorrow evening.
The traffic officer indicated that the squirrel might be responsible for the accident.
The sensitive boy inferred that the milk had been left out too long.
The church congregation inferred that the carpet was badly stained with grape juice.
The rejected bachelor inferred that the computer could be helpful in finding him a date.
The hired investigator inferred that the officer meant the victim was still alive.
The careful scientist proved that the researchers might be falsifying the data.
The successful tests proved that the scientist could reveal his surprising results.
The local detectives proved that the pothole had caused the massive car crash yesterday.
The birth certificate proved that the boy was not an American citizen.
The plastic surgeon suggested that the girl would be completely satisfied with the results.
The swimming instructor suggested that the weather might be too rough to have the competition.
The guidance counselor suggested that the grades would help the student get into a top college.
The writing instructor suggested that the storm would need a full description.
The ship's captain suspected that the moon would be covered by thick clouds.
The boxing referee suspected that the match had been thrown by the expected champion.
The irate student suspected that the lecture stole the content from a different physics class.
The wary teacher suspected that the lesson could cause her students to fall asleep.
The admissions office accepted the application did not include some of the necessary documents.
The annoyed professor accepted the excuse had been completely made up by the student.
The basketball star accepted the contract requires him to play every game.
The department head accepted the proposal would be resubmitted very late.
The brilliant doctor discovered the cure would soon be shown to work for everyone.
The determined biologists discovered the organism had not been seen before.
The famous archaeologist discovered the artifacts might have been very clever fakes.
The FBI investigator discovered the plot had been planned for three years.
The biology class established the routine could have improved safety in the lab.
The enthusiastic students established the club could be a meeting place for chess matches.
The head referee established the rules were not to be strictly enforced.
The new lawyer established the practice aims to serve the whole community.
The gossipy neighbor heard the story could not be further from the truth.
The excited children heard the fireworks were being planned to be the biggest ever.
The marine sergeant heard the explosion might have been the result of an accident.
The orchestra conductor heard the violins were not properly in tune.
The astronomy buff observed the comet had been approaching very quickly.
The bird watcher observed the sparrows had been taken from the nest.
The clever journalist observed the scene could have been tampered with by police.
The construction worker observed the house seemed to be in great condition.
The accused doctor protested the lawsuit should have been settled out of court.
The activist group protested the discrimination had been covered up by the governor.
The elementary students protested the uniforms were too uncomfortable to play in.
The navy veterans protested the war could become too expensive to continue.
The commanding general revealed the strategy would help the army defeat the enemy.
The confessing criminal revealed the hideout appeared to just be an abandoned warehouse.
The confident magician revealed the rabbit had disappeared from his cage.
The gallery owner revealed the painting is the most expensive one he's ever sold.
The club members understood the bylaws would be applied to everyone.
The disciplined lieutenant understood the orders were standard for all new recruits.
The foreign diplomat understood the translation might take longer than they had anticipated.
The frustrated tourists understood the message had never been sent.
The bank worker forgot the policy would be implemented the very next day.
The college student forgot the answer could be found at the back of the textbook.
The elderly woman forgot the address had been changed since her last visit.
The hapless suitor forgot the flowers reminded the woman of her ex-husband.
The angry farmer warned the trespassers would not be allowed onto his fields.
The army general warned the civilians might be in danger from the bombs.
The kind usher warned the audience should not bring food or drink into the theater.
The new professor warned the students should be on time for his class.
The admissions office accepted that the application did not include some of the necessary documents.
The annoyed professor accepted that the excuse had been completely made up by the student.
The basketball star accepted that the contract requires him to play every game.
The department head accepted that the proposal would be resubmitted very late.
The brilliant doctor discovered that the cure would soon be shown to work for everyone.
The determined biologists discovered that the organism had not been seen before.
The famous archaeologist discovered that the artifacts might have been very clever fakes.
The FBI investigator discovered that the plot had been planned for three years.
The biology class established that the routine could have improved safety in the lab.
The enthusiastic students established that the club could be a meeting place for chess matches.
The head referee established that the rules were not to be strictly enforced.
The new lawyer established that the practice aims to serve the whole community.
The gossipy neighbor heard that the story could not be further from the truth.
The excited children heard that the fireworks were being planned to be the biggest ever.
The marine sergeant heard that the explosion might have been the result of an accident.
The orchestra conductor heard that the violins were not properly in tune.
The astronomy buff observed that the comet had been approaching very quickly.
The bird watcher observed that the sparrows had been taken from the nest.
The clever journalist observed that the scene could have been tampered with by police.
The construction worker observed that the house seemed to be in great condition.
The accused doctor protested that the lawsuit should have been settled out of court.
The activist group protested that the discrimination had been covered up by the governor.
The elementary students protested that the uniforms were too uncomfortable to play in.
The navy veterans protested that the war could become too expensive to continue.
The commanding general revealed that the strategy would help the army defeat the enemy.
The confessing criminal revealed that the hideout appeared to just be an abandoned warehouse.
The confident magician revealed that the rabbit had disappeared from his cage.
The gallery owner revealed that the painting is the most expensive one he's ever sold.
The club members understood that the bylaws would be applied to everyone.
The disciplined lieutenant understood that the orders were standard for all new recruits.
The foreign diplomat understood that the translation might take longer than they had anticipated.
The frustrated tourists understood that the message had never been sent.
The bank worker forgot that the policy would be implemented the very next day.
The college student forgot that the answer could be found at the back of the textbook.
The elderly woman forgot that the address had been changed since her last visit.
The hapless suitor forgot that the flowers reminded the woman of her ex-husband.
The angry farmer warned that the trespassers would not be allowed onto his fields.
The army general warned that the civilians might be in danger from the bombs.
The kind usher warned that the audience should not bring food or drink into the theater.
The new professor warned that the students should be on time for his class.
The admissions office accepted the parade did not mean they could go home early.
The annoyed professor accepted the fire had been set to cause a fire alarm.
The basketball star accepted the airport requires him to go through security.
The department head accepted the temperature would be lower over break.
The brilliant doctor discovered the waitress would soon be bringing the meal he ordered.
The determined biologists discovered the conference had not been rescheduled yet.
The famous archaeologist discovered the pants might have been stained while digging.
The FBI investigator discovered the judge had been biased throughout the trial.
The biology class established the frog could have died from a lack of oxygen.
The enthusiastic students established the hamster could be a good pet for biology class.
The head referee established the kids were not allowed on the field.
The new lawyer established the speech aims to outline the firm's objectives.
The gossipy neighbor heard the razor could not have been the murder weapon.
The excited children heard the brownies were being handed out in the school auditorium.
The marine sergeant heard the light might have helped in finding the missing sailors.
The orchestra conductor heard the lights were not turning off completely.
The astronomy buff observed the afternoon had been a complete waste.
The bird watcher observed the voice had been distorted by the wind.
The clever journalist observed the format could have changed the number of pages.
The construction worker observed the morning seemed to drag on and on.
The accused doctor protested the nurse should have done a much better job.
The activist group protested the fence had been built without consulting them first.
The elementary students protested the concepts were too difficult to fully comprehend.
The navy veterans protested the ocean could become dangerous during the storm.
The commanding general revealed the night would help provide cover for the attack.
The confessing criminal revealed the cell appeared to be much smaller than usual.
The confident magician revealed the institution had been the place where the rabbit disappeared.
The gallery owner revealed the holiday is the most lucrative time of the year.
The club members understood the pool would be closed on Mondays.
The disciplined lieutenant understood the shoes were standard issue for every soldier.
The foreign diplomat understood the car might take too long to arrive.
The frustrated tourists understood the hotel had never been remodeled.
The bank worker forgot the escalator would be out of commission all day.
The college student forgot the snow could be quite slippery and dangerous to drive on.
The elderly woman forgot the FBI had been suspicious about her son's alibi.
The hapless suitor forgot the woods reminded the woman about her accident.
The angry farmer warned the steps could trip the customers.
The army general warned the resolution might be too difficult for the men.
The kind usher warned the movie should not have the bad guys winning.
The new professor warned the textbook should be brought to the class every day.
The admissions office accepted that the parade did not mean they could go home early.
The annoyed professor accepted that the fire had been set to cause a fire alarm.
The basketball star accepted that the airport requires him to go through security.
The department head accepted that the temperature would be lower over break.
The brilliant doctor discovered that the waitress would soon be bringing the meal he ordered.
The determined biologists discovered that the conference had not been rescheduled yet.
The famous archaeologist discovered that the pants might have been stained while digging.
The FBI investigator discovered that the judge had been biased throughout the trial.
The biology class established that the frog could have died from a lack of oxygen.
The enthusiastic students established that the hamster could be a good pet for biology class.
The head referee established that the kids were not allowed on the field.
The new lawyer established that the speech aims to outline the firm's objectives.
The gossipy neighbor heard that the razor could not have been the murder weapon.
The excited children heard that the brownies were being handed out in the school auditorium.
The marine sergeant heard that the light might have helped in finding the missing sailors.
The orchestra conductor heard that the lights were not turning off completely.
The astronomy buff observed that the afternoon had been a complete waste.
The bird watcher observed that the voice had been distorted by the wind.
The clever journalist observed that the format could have changed the number of pages.
The construction worker observed that the morning seemed to drag on and on.
The accused doctor protested that the nurse should have done a much better job.
The activist group protested that the fence had been built without consulting them first.
The elementary students protested that the concepts were too difficult to fully comprehend.
The navy veterans protested that the ocean could become dangerous during the storm.
The commanding general revealed that the night would help provide cover for the attack.
The confessing criminal revealed that the cell appeared to be much smaller than usual.
The confident magician revealed that the institution had been the place where the rabbit disappeared.
The gallery owner revealed that the holiday is the most lucrative time of the year.
The club members understood that the pool would be closed on Mondays.
The disciplined lieutenant understood that the shoes were standard issue for every soldier.
The foreign diplomat understood that the car might take too long to arrive.
The frustrated tourists understood that the hotel had never been remodeled.
The bank worker forgot that the escalator would be out of commission all day.
The college student forgot that the snow could be quite slippery and dangerous to drive on.
The elderly woman forgot that the FBI had been suspicious about her son's alibi.
The hapless suitor forgot that the woods reminded the woman about her accident.
The angry farmer warned that the steps could trip the customers.
The army general warned that the resolution might be too difficult for the men.
The kind usher warned that the movie should not have the bad guys winning.
The new professor warned that the textbook should be brought to the class every day.
